Let's take a minute to review everything we've covered.
We started by talking about the ecosystem.
We saw all of the tools and data sources that we can gather insights from.
We also talked about how this data arrives from first party,
second party to third party.
Then, we looked at how we layer this data.
We talked a little bit out an example of a grocery store,
and how we start thinking about questions and framing our problems.
Then, we looked at a process by which to really review
this data: measure, analyze, and improve.
From there, we looked at how to dive deeper into
the analyzed piece of that analytics process by looking at metrics,
so they're accurate and compared,
and thinking of compared as change versus context.
Next, we talked about five questions to answer in every analytics project.
What happened? Were the results good?
Why did it happen?
What's happening now, and what's ahead in the future?
From there, we looked at common questions and common metrics for a variety of situations.
From there, we looked at business goals,
especially how to create smart ones.
Then, we looked at how to establish frameworks to take
those goals and make them actionable with metrics.
Finally, we reviewed paid, earned,
and owned, and all of the type of metrics that fit into those channels.
So I know what you might be thinking.
This is a lot of information.
But soon enough, we're going to start applying
this information which will help to reinforce the concept we've learned.
As you move further through this course,
you can always come back and revisit
these concepts to see how they apply to what we're going to be doing later.